Come and have your favorite baseball while studying voodoo
do it
I think it would be nice if I could enjoy it
While taking a say life test Toka so
Necessary study for civil servants
I would like to do it First of all ad 2 months later 3rd grade bookkeeping 3rd grade plan Studying for that purpose
I do
me
Which one is from you? Yamana won't take you until my mother in Shizuoka
I think so as not to be ashamed of law department
Good luck for the national civil servant car justice examination
To increase my Republican medical contacts
We want to aim to phase test
I want to be a civil servant and I study it
I think trying to start from the other first-year students
Well quite as Tteyuu want to make friends
By saying'm faction I mean I found something do in college
Oh dear
From now on
Professional knowledge or qualifications
I do not know yet, but I think I want to take it
Because I take a teaching course
I will do my best to obtain an English teacher's license
Yes I do Spanish for the first time
I think I Na I want to study and work hard to be able to the Toka Judo conversation
Good luck studying
Let's get a good job
I want to get travel related work
I met in a linear motion
Let's go to the cafeteria with a line
It is this member who gathered in a feeling like coming to the people who are present
It is in the contemporary village , but high school is different but
In that former high school baseball player
Line line day
Someone who has some idea who I met
It will spread from there
car
uh
Yeah yeah yeah
me